README.md, before:

# ActivityWatch Tempo

This script converts ActivityWatch logs into Jira Tempo worklogs. It scans window titles for Jira issue keys, groups your activity by ticket and optionally adds recurring tasks before submitting everything to Tempo.

## Requirements

- **Python 3.7+**
- **ActivityWatch** running locally
- A Jira account with Tempo access and a Personal Access Token (PAT)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/TerrifiedBug/activitywatch-tempo.git
   cd activitywatch-tempo
   ```
2. Install dependencies (preferably in a virtual environment):
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Configuration

Copy `config.json`, `mappings.json` and `static_tasks.json` and edit them to fit your environment. At minimum set your Jira URL and PAT token in `config.json`.

`config.json` also controls time rounding, daily hour limits and other behaviour. `mappings.json` lets you map specific window titles or applications to Jira keys, while `static_tasks.json` defines recurring tasks like stand‑ups.

## Basic Usage

Generate a preview of yesterday's entries (recommended):
```bash
python activitywatch-tempo.py
```
Review the `tempo_preview.json` file and edit it if needed, then submit:
```bash
python activitywatch-tempo.py --submit
```

### Additional Options

- `--weekly` – process a whole week (Monday–Friday)
- `--date YYYY-MM-DD` – process a specific date
- `--direct` – process and submit without creating a preview (not recommended)
- `--scheduler` – run a daily scheduler that processes the previous day at 08:00
- `--config PATH` – use an alternative configuration file

## Preview File

The preview file contains all detected time entries with start times, durations and comments. You can adjust anything in this file before submitting to Tempo.

## Example Workflow

1. Ensure ActivityWatch is running.
2. At the end of the day run `python activitywatch-tempo.py`.
3. Open `tempo_preview.json`, tweak times or ticket keys if necessary.
4. Submit with `python activitywatch-tempo.py --submit`.

## Logging

Logs are written to the file specified by `log_file` in `config.json` (default: `activitywatch-tempo.log`). Set `log_level` to `DEBUG` for more verbose output.

## Notes

The script assumes window titles contain Jira issue keys (default pattern `SE-123`). Configure `jira_ticket_pattern` if your project uses a different prefix.

Commit message:

Package project and add config updater

README.md, after:

# ActivityWatch Tempo

This script converts ActivityWatch logs into Jira Tempo worklogs. It scans window titles for Jira issue keys, groups your activity by ticket and optionally adds recurring tasks before submitting everything to Tempo.

## Requirements

- **Python 3.7+**
- **ActivityWatch** running locally
- A Jira account with Tempo access and a Personal Access Token (PAT)

## Installation

1. Install the package from GitHub:
   ```bash
   pip install git+https://github.com/TerrifiedBug/activitywatch-tempo.git
   ```
   Alternatively clone the repo and install locally:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/TerrifiedBug/activitywatch-tempo.git
   cd activitywatch-tempo
   pip install .
   ```

## Configuration

Copy `config.json`, `mappings.json` and `static_tasks.json` and edit them to fit your environment. At minimum set your Jira URL and PAT token in `config.json`.

`config.json` also controls time rounding, daily hour limits and other behaviour. `mappings.json` lets you map specific window titles or applications to Jira keys, while `static_tasks.json` defines recurring tasks like stand‑ups.

## Basic Usage

Generate a preview of yesterday's entries (recommended):
```bash
aw-tempo
```
Review the `tempo_preview.json` file and edit it if needed, then submit:
```bash
aw-tempo --submit
```

### Additional Options

- `--weekly` – process a whole week (Monday–Friday)
- `--date YYYY-MM-DD` – process a specific date
- `--direct` – process and submit without creating a preview (not recommended)
- `--scheduler` – run a daily scheduler that processes the previous day at 08:00
- `--config PATH` – use an alternative configuration file
- `--update-config` – merge new default settings into your config files

## Preview File

The preview file contains all detected time entries with start times, durations and comments. You can adjust anything in this file before submitting to Tempo.

## Example Workflow

1. Ensure ActivityWatch is running.
2. At the end of the day run `aw-tempo`.
3. Open `tempo_preview.json`, tweak times or ticket keys if necessary.
4. Submit with `aw-tempo --submit`.

## Logging

Logs are written to the file specified by `log_file` in `config.json` (default: `activitywatch-tempo.log`). Set `log_level` to `DEBUG` for more verbose output.

## Notes

The script assumes window titles contain Jira issue keys (default pattern `SE-123`). Configure `jira_ticket_pattern` if your project uses a different prefix.
